# 
1.  I have just created a github repo named https://github.com/trainnect-dev/v80-trainnect-ai and would like to push this apps files to the new repo.

2. before you push the files, lets check to make sure that we are in the correct github repo as I have several github repos.


#
We are going to use your brilliant brain to create a new artifact and tavily search tool to expand the capability of our perfectly working app.

The new artifact you will create is a Technical Course Creator System Prompt Artifact with Tavily Search Tool that with utilize our carefully engineered and tested technical-course-creator-system-prompt.txt that includes the Tavily tavily-ai-tavily-js.txt Search functionality in order for each course to be created with citable factual and provable content. 

Your tasks are to:

1. Come up with an app update plan including all of the file names that you will update to implement all that I have outlined below in 2 and 3.  I will then review your plan to make sure that it is correct before I prompt you to proceed on with the plan. 

2. Use your brilliant brain to carefully examine the files in the v1-app-updates-vercel-ai-sdk folder paying extra special attention to the 03-add-custom-artifacts.md and technical-course-creator-system-prompt.txt files and instructions, as well as all of the other files and instructions in the v1-app-updates-vercel-ai-sdk folder that references tools and tool calls. 

3.  It is important that when the User selects the "Create a New Full Technical Course" or "Create a New Technical Course Outline" (see attached image) is clicked in the frontend UI, 
the new Technical Course Creator Artifact with the Tavily Search Tool is called. 

4. Ensure that your new updates carefully follows the instructions in the 03-add-custom-artifacts.md file so that the updates to the app are done without breaking the perfdectly working UI ensuring that the responsiveness is also not broken. 





Now we are going to add some tools


---------------------

/* UPDATES: When the "Create a New Full Technical Course" or "Create a New Technical Course Outline" button is clicked in the frontend UI, 
the Technical Course Creator Tool that includes the Technical Course Creator System Prompt below and the Tavily search tool should be utilized by the system. */


